hey guys what's up its chris your itouch
ipods and today's Wednesday April
twenty-eighth 2010 and today i have the
review to for you guys of 80 phone case
for the ipod touch 2nd generation from
accessorygeeks.com accessorygeeks.com
make sure to check them out link in the
sub bar down there in the video
description a it's very eco from the
case and I have another one so that
means there will be a giveaway the
future on one of these so if you're
interested definitely make sure you
finish watching the whole review but
before I do that I only give two quick
shout outs I want to give one to Tiki
Tech Talk gave Michelle yesterday's
video another one in today's cool old
name there when he does is he does
updates on like apple news and tech news
he'll let you guys know about that he
does reviews and I also saw a couple
model 142 videos on his channel so we're
interested those types of things go and
check him out for that his link will be
in the sub R or under bar down there and
I also want to give one to itouch fiends
Facebook itouch teens face book that
says youtube name not it's not really
into his face buried something like that
that's his ute your name he does a lot
of reviews unboxings but he wanted
mainly that you guys know that you
having a user giveaway going on right
now with a bunch of iphone and all
difference of cases um bunch of an
iphone cases and all different things
like that so go ahead and definitely
check that out we really want to be let
you guys know that he has this big
giveaway going on to branch on that
check him up in the bar below and
without further ado guys let's go ahead
and get stranded
alright guys so like I said I have the
Jew do a cases here to review for you
guys they are both the same so I'm going
to leave one unopened and put it off to
the side for a future giveaway but give
you guys a quick look at it it is a
darker would just give you guys an SL
look at what this case looks like put
that off to the side on top my iPad over
there and we're going to go ahead and
get into this case which i have try out
and already open so we're going to live
in open this and i'll give you a quick
rundown of what t-phone is all about now
this product is sold from
accessorygeeks.com nice exclusive case
over there and what this case is it's
very eco from the case so if you're the
kind of person that likes green things
and eco-friendly and all that kind of
jazz this is what you're going to want
to go ahead and check out this is going
to be your type of case by the way
packaging with this product all of it
was done to the folks that fullest
extent for it to be eco-friendly so the
least amount of materials was used and
the best materials for this possible
design were used for the packaging it
says on this little card right here it
says that where is it all products and
packaging were made from environmentally
friendly material so that's a good
upside if you're the eco-friendly type
of person so we're going to go ahead and
push this stuff off to the side over
there actually put it right here and
we'll get on to the case now as you guys
can see this isn't like any other case
you've seen out there is a one-of-a-kind
type of case it is would if you didn't
really catch the drift yet of this case
and it is a originally a low plastic
structure but then it is coated with
this piece of wood that is stretched and
put around the case itself to make it
have this knock on wood type of case now
every case every wood case if I have is
going to be different obviously because
all the wood none of it's going to be
the same so every case you have is going
to be original and it's not gonna be
like any other ones in that line that
they may have on the inside
case it's nice and smooth except for
these two lines that go down the center
I believe that's maybe where it was
sealed or marry maybe we always put
together but it doesn't seem like too
big of a deal it doesn't seem like it's
sharp it is so smooth but if that does
bother you that this may not be the case
for you in the right inside during the
tour by that because you don't see that
and the color on the inside may differ
they said you ever cut out all that jazz
which I'll show you in a second and then
you have the wood obviously there now
it's a very simple snap-on case volume
rocker sided first like always and just
snap it in and you'll know when it's in
your Hitler snap it's very it's nicely
defined and then you have a very nice
looking stylish case on your iPod or
iPhone if you're interested they sell it
for the icon as well and you guys can
see that the Wi-Fi is cut out so you
don't throw about interfering with your
signal or anything and this footman I
was actually doing this case justice
it's actually doing a pretty good
justice you guys can really see the
grain the wood and the texture of it
it's actually doing a really good job it
usually doesn't do who cases justice but
it actually is doing a pretty good job
on how this case actually looks on the
front you're not covered the bezel or
anything like that you comes up a little
bit but not too much on the top your
exposure of your power button volume
rockers exposed and the bottom of your
dock expose you can sync and charge and
all that jazz on the back like I said
the Wi-Fi and the other than that the
back is fully covered but it's a pretty
sturdy case it is woods you're going to
be getting some good protection there
things I like about this case is the
design itself obviously that it is wood
that is eco-friendly saving the
environment all that things all those
types of things is a great thing so
that's cool that they incorporated or
that they some have incorporated it into
a iphone case or ipod touch case excuse
me it's very smooth the finish is very
smooth you guys can see it's also kind
of shiny I do like that as well looks
very nice i also like that's unique and
one-of-a-kind style every different
everyone is going to be different i like
that as well some things I don't like
about this case is that this is probably
what you're going to get because of it
being the wood and you can't and since
it's so thin you can't do that many
minor adjustments or might snap or
something but the top is a little off
you guys can see how it goes over that
comes up a little bit so it's not
directly on the back of your iPod so it
might be a little bit loose
if you were to drop it or something so
that doesn't perfectly match up and the
same thing on the bottom it's a little
bit off but that comes with it being a
really thin material and that it's not
really going to that they can do much
about it because it might snap there a
lot of jagged edges around here that
they're not really sharp they're just
not really smooth doubt it would have
been nice to see those smooth that a
little bit but for the price of fourteen
dollars in that sense and free shipping
from Accessory Geeks if you're the type
of person that wants an eco-friendly
type of case if you're the eco-friendly
type of person for around fifteen
dollars and free shipping you really
can't go wrong with this case personally
is it a case that I would buy is it a
case that I would go from websites it
and rock it out every day no this is a
my style case because you guys know I
don't watch snap on cases now because of
well fail so personally it's not my
style a case maybe it is for you guys
but for me it's just not my style I do
like it it is a very nice style case
that is one of a kind fields great looks
right and it's good for the environment
but it's just not my style of case for
those of you that is awesome definitely
check this out from accessorygeeks.com
that link will be down there on the sub
are they've been very supportive
supportive of my channel over the time
so big thanks to them definitely check
them out on their Twitter as well follow
that and that's pretty much it there's
not much more to say for you guys there
will be a giveaway in the future of this
other case that i have here just not in
this video because i do have a lot of
giveaways going on I the 20 20 k
giveaway which is still going on if
you're not in on that get on get in on
that over 40 prizes I have the my gear
store and wireless rage giveaway going
on so I'm going to end in a couple days
and I might have another one I'm not
even sure I've just a lot of stuff going
on for you guys right now oh yeah the
ipad giveaway i have that video going on
the case for that pad so a lot of things
going on right now my channel here well
i'm trying to get caught up back with
you guys going to do a couple i'm going
to at least do one video every day so
thank you guys for watching this video
favorite comment rate subscribe I will
catch you on the next one everybody have
a wonderful night think so Accessory
Geeks thanks to you guys for watching
thanks you guys your thumbs up for
liking this video for subscribing for
commenting and let me know you guys
thoughts on this case your pins if you
would purchase or not and if you think
the eco-friendly thing is a good thing
or a bad thing or give me your opinions
guys in a comment or a video response
down below want to hear which apt
say so I'll catch you guys the next one
everyone have a great night and I see
you guys later oh please